[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[Yeong-bok]
Is there really a law that says
people who didn't visit
a cultural heritage
must still pay admission?
May I go on a business trip, please?
Uh, where to?
Jeju Island.
[Myeong-seok] Since I'm taking
a lot of rookies with me,
I'll make sure we do our best.
[Min-woo] I don't even know what we're
all doing here. I'm busy as it is.
[Jun-ho] Then we'll move on from there
to that noodle place
that you had recommended.
[Myeong-seok] They're closed.
[Min-woo] Looks like
it's been closed for some time.
Haengbok makes the best meat noodles.
[Abbot] Have you been to Hwangjisa?
Seeing isn't everything. There's more.
Remember not to be blinded
by what's in front of you.
And keep in mind
the essence of what lies beyond.
What's this?
You're pretending to be a grown-up?
Only I'm not pretending.
[plastic crinkles]
I am one now.
-[Seung-hui] Hey, Jun-ho, you're here.
-[Jeong-nam] It's been a while, man.
You're not gonna tell our parents,
are you?
[Seung-hui] All we want is for you
to be happy and you know that.
You should be bringing home a girl
who can make you happy.
Not someone you have to take care of.
[startled gasp]
[Su-yeon] Atty. Jung!
-[Jun-ho] Atty. Jung, are you okay?
-[Su-yeon] Are you okay?
-[Jun-ho] Hey, Atty. Jung! Wake up!
-[groans]
CASE 14
THE BLUE NIGHT OF JEJU II
Well, they say Korea is the best
in the world for treating stomach cancer.
And I'm not stage four.
Only stage three, so really, I'm fine.
Don't worry about it.
No, I'm gonna finish up
the Hwangjisa case here
and, uh, I'll go in for surgery
as soon as I'm back in Seoul.
[tongue clicks]
Yes, that's no problem. Okay. Bye.
Korea might be the best
for treating stomach cancer,
but don't let your guard down
because it's stage three.
That's the stage where the cancer
has grown into the muscle
or tissue layers,
or into the lymph nodes.
The recurrence rate after surgery is high,
so chemo is recommended.
Plus, the five-year survival rate's
about 30 percent.
The five-year survival rate's that low?
[Jun-ho clears throat]
Um, Atty. Jung,
have you scheduled the surgery yet?
Of course.
I booked a surgery date back
at the hospital in Seoul
where I was diagnosed
before coming to Jeju.
And I'm doing fine,
so don't worry about me.
Shouldn't you maybe eat
a little bit more food, though?
You've barely had a bite.
Uh, I'm not hungry and my stomach
gets upset if I eat anyway.
Well, should I ask the staff
to maybe get you some porridge?
No, I'll be fine.
I doubt it'll be better with porridge.
Mm…
How about some of those meat noodles?
From your favorite place,
Haengbok Noodles.
Ah, Haengbok! They closed down.
What if we find the owner
of Haengbok Noodles and ask him?
We can tell him it's the dying wish
of an attorney friend
who's suffering
with stage three stomach cancer?
[Myeong-seok]
Ah! There's no need to bother.
Don't do anything that's unnecessary.
Just focus on the Hwangjisa case for now.
Understood?
So what do we have to do
to find the owner of Haengbok Noodles?
You're gonna look for him?
Atty. Jung just said
not to do anything unnecessary.
Atty. Jung did tell me
not to do anything unnecessary,
but I didn't agree
not to do anything unnecessary.
[Geu-ra-mi] Wow!
I raised her well.
Atty. Jung might…
might not have much time left to live.
What if he never gets to eat
from Haengbok Noodles ever again?
Right.
We only regret the chances we don't take.
[Min-sik] It's been bothering me too,
a little bit.
Atty. Jung's disappointment
as he was eating the meat noodles
at Haengun Noodles, it was sad.
[deep inhale]
So then, how about we all look together?
What's wrong with you?
What?
Well, this is when you typically make
a snide comment.
[imitates Min-woo] "Why bother looking?
No way! I'm out of here."
I mean…
It wouldn't be a bad thing
to find the owner.
[Min-woo] I wanted to try
those meat noodles myself.
And see if they live up
to Atty. Jung's hype.
Are you sure you're not
coming down with something as well?
People's personalities change
when they're near death.
Oh, come on! Huh? I didn't deserve that.
[chuckles]
All right. Let's make a plan.
We'll have to canvass the area
to find the owner's whereabouts.
To save time and cover more ground,
should we split up into teams?
How do we decide who's with who?
We'll do "up or down."
You mean "down or up"?
-No, I mean "up or down."
-You're talking about dedenjji?
Every region calls
this game something different.
The version for Jeju Island is
"Heaven and earth. Light and dark.
What's false and true.
Even if you lose, you win."
That makes sense, right?
For us, it's just
"Sky or land! Sky or land!"
Well, uh, in my neighborhood, it was…
Uh… Never mind.
[grunts]
My neighborhood, what?
Come on! Out with it!
In my neighborhood, it was,
"High or low. Can't say crap even
if you lose. Shove crap in your trap."
Like that. That's how we used to do it.
[Min-sik giggles]
"Shove crap in your trap!" Like that.
[Min-sik chortles]
-We'll just stick to "up or down."
-Right.
[guitar strums]
[Su-yeon] Up or down!
Try it again.
Wait! Again.
Up or down!
Ugh! Come on!
You two should just team up.
You're so obviously in sync.
Yeah, well, we don't have
to split up evenly, right?
Then me, Geu-ra-mi, Jun-ho,
and Mr. Hairy will be on one team.
Su-yeon and Min-woo will be on the other.
-Done.
-Wait, hold on! No!
-Let's do it again!
-Now we can start searching in teams.
Hey! Hey, let's do it again, huh?
Here! Up or down!
HAENGUN NOODLES
THE ORIGINAL FLAVOR OF MEAT NOODLES!
INTRODUCED ON VARIOUS PROGRAMS
[server] Welcome.
[owner] Just a moment.
-[cash register scratches]
-[slurping]
[owner] Yes. Thank you.
Welcome. Hi.
Excuse us. But could we ask you something?
[owner] Oh?
Weren't you in here to eat recently?
Yes. Yes, that's right. We wanted to--
Excuse me. Where we can find
the owner of Haengbok Noodles?
[sighs]
The owner of Haengbok Noodles?
[owner] Why are you asking?
Uh, we recall him being in business
the last time we were in Jeju.
But this time, it seemed closed down.
So we're just wondering if you knew
what had happened to him. That's all.
What happened? He fell behind.
Huh? Really?
He fell behind.
We were getting a lot more business,
so we outcompeted him.
The man tried desperately
to match our quality.
But, well, he never did beat the original.
He closed down some time ago penniless.
"Original"?
Haengun Noodles is the original?
So did he name his shop
Haengbok Noodles after Haengun Noodles?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
That's right.
[owner] God, I've already had
more than my share of stress
from dealing with Haengbok Noodles, okay?
Just mentioning that place
gives me a huge migraine!
-So I'm done talking about it, all right?
-[customer] Excuse me!
Yes, yes, just a second!
[stretches]
[mumbles]
[sighs]
I'm going to take a breather.
Sorry.
[woman] To be perfectly honest,
I have no clue where he went.
You can ask anyone in this neighborhood,
but I doubt anyone knows anything.
He just up and left. He vanished overnight
without telling anyone where he went.
Why did he close down the restaurant?
What was the reason?
He couldn't keep up with…
With, uh, you know.
-Do I know?
-What?
Trend.
Those people were
at Haengun Noodles a month ago.
Uh, what are they called again?
On the Internet, you know.
Celebrities?
Stars?
[sighs]
No, no!
Influencers!
[watch notification chimes]
[woman] While Haengun Noodles
was being introduced on TV,
it built up with influencers
and some celebrities.
Haengbok Noodles couldn't match that.
So what else could they do
but to be pushed out?
Thing is about Haengbok Noodles
is that their noodles were great!
And is it your opinion
that Haengbok Noodles
were better than Haengun Noodles were?
Haengbok Noodles was run by a mother
and her son for many, many years.
The mother's broth was very good.
[giggles]
So delicious.
Goodness, it really is a shame.
[footsteps]
[chef] Uh, yeah, can you clean
the grill too? I'm so sorry.
I'm late. Yeah.
You too. Have a good night.
Oh, shit.
HAENGUN NOODLES
[sneaky music playing]
HAENGBOK NOODLES
Haengbok Noodles. Huh.
[cat meows]
[clinking]
[chef] There we go.
Dinner is served.
[startled gasp]
Who are… you?
You're the Haengun Noodles chef, right?
[moans]
Why'd you come here?
-[metal clinks]
-[exhales]
Well, uh…
[crunches, meows]
[insect chirping]
Truthfully, I'm his pupil.
By "his", you mean
the Haengbok Noodles owner?
Yes.
See, I…
worked in this kitchen for a long time.
I'm still not as good
as the owner or his mother, though.
So you moved to Haengun Noodles
because Haengbok Noodles closed down?
[sighs]
No.
I was still at Haengbok Noodles.
The owner of Haengun…
He, uh… poached me.
I mean, the owner of Haengbok Noodles
doesn't see it that way.
But rather that I betrayed him.
But I want to be clear.
Haengbok's the original.
Haengbok Noodles was doing well
because people knew
how good the noodles were.
So Haengun's owner poached me
and had me copy them.
He changed the name
of his shop to Haengun.
Uh, before that,
Haengun Noodles was a diner.
They sold rice and side dishes.
Ah!
So after stealing
all Haengbok Noodles' customers
and going on television,
Haengun Noodles did quite well
while things got tough
for Haengbok Noodles.
[tongue clicks]
Eventually, they fold it.
You don't know where the owner went?
Well…
I came here once
without Haengun's owner knowing.
I asked him where he'd go,
what he'd do if Haengbok closed.
And? What did he say?
[chuckles]
[deep inhale]
Well, he just laughed.
He said he'd go relax somewhere
that the mountains and waters are nice.
Where in the world is that?
[Geu-ra-mi] Is he even on Jeju Island?
[Jun-ho] Well, the chef didn't
really know that either.
Just that he said he'll go relax somewhere
where the mountains and waters are nice.
That could be anywhere.
This is getting complex.
"Somewhere the mountains
and waters are nice."
Don't get caught up in that.
It's a figure of speech.
It means a place
with beautiful natural scenery.
That's right. When people say
nice mountains and waters,
they mean beautiful scenery.
Right, Su-yeon?
Hmm…
[deep inhale]
Then maybe it's…
It's the Mountain Water Nursing Home.
Did you say Mountain Water?
A pile of unopened mail sat
in front of Haengbok Noodles,
and I saw that.
Most of them were sent out
from Mountain Water Nursing Home.
Can you recall the address?
[trilling]
[upbeat music playing]
MOUNTAIN WATER NURSING HOME
Sansu-dong 1037, 30 Gyeongo-ro,
Hanbaek-eup, Jeju-si,
Jeju self-governing province.
Mountain Water Nursing Home on Jeju.
Wow! Look at that.
[claps]
That means we could just go
to the nursing home
and ask where the owner is, right?
I can go.
I'd like to go as well.
Okay, sure.
MOUNTAIN WATER NURSING HOME
[door closes]
[Jun-ho] Good afternoon.
Maybe you can help me.
Oh, yes.
We went to a place
called Haengbok Noodles.
But it was closed and all this mail
was piled up outside the door.
Uh…
It could be the wrong address?
[receptionist] Oh, him?
You know him?
Yes, he is a very nice man.
His mother is a resident here.
[receptionist] He makes sure
to visit at least once a month,
so I thought he was receiving our mailers.
-He was here yesterday.
-Just yesterday, he was here?
Yes.
Ah.
Well, in that case, we were hoping
we could speak to his mother?
But why?
Uh…
We wanted to ask if Haengbok Noodles
will be open anytime soon.
We came a long way
to try those famous noodles.
Ah.
Even if you could meet her,
she won't likely have an answer for you.
She has dementia,
so conversations are hard for her.
[Jun-ho] Ah!
I see.
I think the owner of Haengbok Noodles
is on Jeju Island
since he visits his mother
at the nursing home once a month.
Yes, but he won't be back
till sometime next month.
Even if we wait him out,
it wouldn't make a difference
because we would have
already returned home by then.
-[sighs]
-[phone vibrates]
Hmm?
Yes, hello?
[Myeong-seok] Where are you, Atty. Woo?
[rattling music playing]
Hmm…
-It's not a concern of yours.
-What? What did you just say?
We're totally not looking
for the owner of Haengbok Noodles.
[comical music playing]
[sighs]
[lips smack]
Did you find him?
Huh? Uh, no, not yet.
Atty. Woo, we, uh, came to Jeju
for the Hwangjisa case, didn't we?
So you should prepare for tomorrow's case.
Uh…
Yes, okay. I will.
[line disconnects]
[snickers]
[exhales]
[counsel] In 1983,
when the government announced
the construction of Local Highway 3008
on Hwangjisa's land,
what was Hwangjisa's position?
We were against the road's
construction from the beginning.
Because of the impact on the environment
and the upset
to the monks' daily meditation.
[Abbot] Most importantly, building a road
leads to so many lives being taken.
Countless trees are cut down.
Countless animals and people
who would end up
losing their lives to car accidents.
Did the government go through
with the construction anyway?
Sadly, they did.
They told us to start collecting
cultural heritage admission fees.
[Abbot] And so, we agreed.
[counsel] Why did you agree?
Were the cultural heritage
admission fees compensating
for the damage to Hwangjisa
caused by the construction?
Well, it's more like…
[hums in deep thought]
Fewer people will come
if they are required to give us money.
[Abbot] So we liked the idea.
The best way to slow down damage
to the cultural heritage site
and reduce the number of lives lost
is to stop people from coming
as much as possible.
And I still believe
that's the main function
of charging
the cultural heritage admission fee.
[counsel] That is all.
-[button clicks]
-Plaintiff, your counselors may begin.
[gentle music playing]
How much profit does Hwangjisa earn
from all those admission fees?
I'm not sure.
I don't know the…
the exact numbers at the moment.
Based on road traffic surveyed
by the Ministry of Land,
Infrastructure, and Transport,
Hwangjisa earns one billion won every year
from collecting cultural heritage
admission fees. Correct?
I already told you.
I don't know the exact amount of money.
So where does Hwangjisa use the money
collected from all the admission fees?
Hmm, it's used to maintain
and repair Hwangjisa's temple
and the cultural heritage
which Hwangjisa owns.
But you already receive the budget
needed to maintain and repair
Hwangjisa's temple from the government
of South Korea, is that correct?
[Young-woo] This year,
the Cultural Heritage Administration
has set aside 400 billion won
for cultural heritage maintenance
and 12 billion was set aside
for repairing traditional temples.
Hwangjisa will be receiving
some of that from the Administration,
so isn't charging citizens
the admission fee
really double collection?
It seems like a lot when you're saying
things like one billion and ten billion.
[Abbot] Hwangjisa
has nothing to be ashamed of.
We only get the bare minimum
from the government as well
as visitors and we use it rather wisely.
Then could you please reveal
Hwangjisa's budget breakdown perhaps?
No, that's not possible.
Because that is private to us.
You said you have nothing
to be ashamed of,
yet revealing
Hwangjisa's budget isn't possible?
[indistinct muttering]
[loud thump]
[counsel] Objection!
Is the plaintiff's counselor
asking a question or being sarcastic?
The witness is the Abbot of Hwangjisa
widely respected
by many monks and Buddhists.
-Show some respect.
-[button clicks]
Plaintiff's counselor, no more
sarcastic questions, thank you.
Mm. Okay.
Just last year,
62 reports were filed with the police
about Hwangjisa obstructing traffic
by stopping miles of cars
at the ticket booth.
Were you aware of this problem?
I know some people do complain,
yes, every now and again.
Then why not come up with some solutions?
Aren't there some alternatives,
like moving the booths
so it's right in front of Hwangjisa?
Hwangjisa collecting
cultural heritage admission fees
isn't prevented by law.
It's justifiable under the
Cultural Heritage Protection Act,
and it's required
for Hwangjisa, our cultural heritage,
and for the protection of the nature
that surrounds the temples of Hwangjisa.
Why do we have to come up with a solution
for what is already legal and necessary?
[deep exhale]
[gloomy music playing]
I mean…
Why stay here when you yourself said
you can't even go to court?
You should be going back
to Seoul immediately and handle this!
If I went home right now,
I couldn't get the surgery.
My appointment is set.
What kind of hospital would delay surgery?
What are they talking about?
You can go to another hospital, right?
No, I can't.
I'd have to make
another appointment and, uh…
-it'd be even longer…
-[knocks on door]
-Come in.
-[door slides open]
Atty. Woo.
The plaintiff's claim that he won't pay
the admission fee because he didn't visit
the cultural heritage is valid,
so why are we…
Why are we?
Why are we losing the trial?
We can't even make one crack
in the defendant's simple claim
that Hwangjisa did nothing wrong.
[Ji-su clears throat]
Excuse me.
Who are you?
Huh?
I'm Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
-Huh?
-Hmm, she's an attorney that I work with.
Excuse me, and who are you?
-I am--
-Uh, she's…
She's my ex.
Oh, by ex, you mean…
The ex-wife who endured
Atty. Jung for eight years
while he only worked, neglecting his wife,
before divorcing him. Ah!
Hmm…
What?
Honey, um…
Ji-su, could I have a moment
alone with Atty. Woo, if you don't mind?
Go right ahead.
[quirky music playing]
[sighs]
Okay, please continue.
Uh, so, uh…
In my opinion, uh…
there really
isn't much legal justification.
-[Young-woo] "Legal justification"?
-[Myeong-seok] Yes.
Hwangjisa's justification is clear.
Not only can they collect fees
based on the
Cultural Heritage Protection Act,
uh, they can also, in theory, claim
that the concept
of temple cultural heritage
should include the surroundings.
On the other hand,
our argument is lacking.
We're mostly trying to push the fact
that the plaintiff didn't visit Hwangjisa.
So with just that, it's difficult
for the judge to side with our argument.
Because there's no legal basis,
of course, for a ruling.
Hmm…
How about we use the fact
that the system to collect
national park entrance fees
was abolished in 2007?
Since Hwangjisa is inside
the Hanbaek Mountain National Park.
But Hwangjisa is collecting
cultural heritage admission fees,
not entrance fees for the park.
What if we request the judge
to order Hwangjisa
to reveal their budget breakdown?
Earlier in court,
I argued that it's double collection
to receive government support
and to collect admission fees,
but I was limited by not knowing
their exact budget breakdown.
Uh, the judge probably
wouldn't allow that one.
This trial isn't
about Hwangjisa's budget, really.
It's about whether
it's illegal for the plaintiff
to not pay the admission fee.
Hmm… Hmm.
Then what kind
of legal justification is there?
[fingers snap]
Uh…
What might it be?
-Hmm…
-[exasperated sigh]
[pensive humming]
Ji-su?
-Ji-su…
-[door opens]
What might it be?
Give me a minute.
Are you done talking?
Mm-hmm. Yes.
He really hasn't changed one bit.
Huh?
He's more lively talking
to someone he sees daily
than talking to me,
even though he hasn't seen me…
[deep breath, chuckles]
…in over five years.
[Ji-su] There wasn't any life in his eyes
when he was in that room with me.
But there is now.
There is truly a new life to them.
You made me remember…
the reason why I first left him.
So then, why did you leave him?
[chuckles]
When I was with him before…
I was lonely.
I wasn't happy at all.
[sad music playing]
[phone vibrates]
DAD
Wow, I'm glad things are going so well.
Anyway, call me right away
if something comes up, all right?
Okay.
-Father.
-[Gwang-ho] What is it?
I want to know
what you would have done if…
if I'd brought Lee Jun-ho
to our house that night.
Who? Who is Lee Jun-ho?
Mm…
He's the person you saw me kissing.
Oh, that guy.
[rag splats]
Why? You're bringing him home?
No, no.
I'm just curious why you wanted
to meet him, Father. That's all.
What do you mean?
I wanna see who he is.
If he's capable of making you happy.
If he can care for you the way that I do.
I wanted to see it for myself.
Hmm…
Hmm.
Jun-ho is…
that type of person.
He's someone who makes me very happy.
[Young-woo] And can
take care of me like you do.
The issue…
is me.
Am I…
someone who makes
Jun-ho equally as happy as he makes me?
Won't I just…
make him lonely in the end?
[emotional music playing]
[waves crashing]
It's weird. I don't get it.
[Jun-ho] I heard that people see
dolphins here every day.
Why every time we come,
they seem to be hiding?
Jun-ho.
[Jun-ho] Yes?
I don't think that we…
that you and I should be together anymore.
But what happened?
Why tell me this right now?
Is it because
of what happened with Atty. Jung?
[Jun-ho] Is it because you feel guilty
that we're out here on a date
while Atty. Jung is… is having a hard time
since he was told that he was diagnosed
with stomach cancer?
I never thought of it like that.
But you do have a very good point.
If it's not that, then why…
why are you breaking up with me?
[heavy exhale]
Atty. Woo, are you just disappointed
the dolphins aren't out?
[Jun-ho]
I mean, it's not the reason, right?
The dolphins, they…
They are in the vast ocean.
We can't see them right now.
Do you remember what the Abbot said?
"Seeing isn't everything."
"Don't be blinded
by what's in front of you."
"And keep the essence
of what lies beyond."
Yes, the Abbot said all of that too.
That's right!
I was blinded by what's in front of me
and forgot the essence
of what lies beyond.
Local Highway Number 3008
is on Hwangjisa land.
It was built for tourism from the start.
Even if the area around Hwangjisa
is also a cultural heritage site,
I can't be blinded by these things.
Local Highway 3008 is a public road!
That is the essence!
[sad music playing]
You're really talking about the case now?
There's a concept called "public property"
in the Public Administration Act.
[Young-woo] Public property
is built by an administrative body
like the state to provide services.
Roads are representative public property
that is provided to anyone for transit!
This concept of public property
is the justification!
Legal justification!
[Jun-ho] Where are you going?
I'm sorry, I have to go discuss this
with Atty. Jung right away.
Are you kidding me?
[Jun-ho] You say we shouldn't
be together, then just run off?
What am I?
Am I a joke to you?
Do you even consider my feelings at all?
[emotional music playing]
Tell me why you're doing this!
Mm…
I'm very sorry.
[Jun-ho sobbing]
-[splashes]
-[squealing]
[squeaks]
[loud splash]
[judge] Do the plaintiff and defendant
have anything else to claim or prove?
-[button clicks]
-The plaintiff does!
-The defendant does not.
Then, plaintiff's counselor,
you may proceed.
Your Honor, Local Highway 3008
is public property.
-[button clicks]
-"Public property"?
Yes.
The plaintiff passed through
a part of Hanbaek Mountain
near Hwangjisa's land
while using Local Highway Number 3008.
This happened only
because he used the highway,
which is public property that was built
by the local government to provide
for all public transit purposes.
I am claiming that just because
the plaintiff used public property
he cannot be deemed
as having legally visited
the defendant's cultural heritage.
[enlightening music playing]
[sighs]
[sad music playing]
[door opens]
I'll go in the rental
with Dong Geu-ra-mi and Mr. Hairy.
Oh? Why? Did you and Jun-ho fight?
[gasps]
Uh, okay, see you there.
♪ Dong to the Geu to the Ra-mi ♪
Take me with you.
[Geu-ra-mi chants]
♪ Woo to the Young to the Woo ♪
You are not riding with them?
I can't. It…
It'll be uncomfortable…
because of Jun-ho.
Why is it uncomfortable?
Well, I…
told him that we should not
be going together anymore.
[both] What?
Hey, man. You guys really fought?
It's not like that.
You did.
-Wanna grab a drink, huh?
-[seatbelt stretches]
That okay?
Uh, sure. I don't mind.
-Hey, forget it. I don't wanna drink.
-[engine starts]
[clacks]
Why do you think she did, huh?
[Jun-ho] Is it because Atty. Jung is sick?
Or is it because we didn't get to see
Sampal, Chunsam, Jedol, and Boksun?
No, I don't think even Atty. Woo
would do it for that reason.
Then why would she do it?
We were just fine. Then, boom, you know.
Maybe she felt pressured.
-[spoon clinks]
-Look.
She went to her boyfriend's
sister's house during a business trip.
She must have been nervous, right?
Hey, if it was me, I swear…
I'd be nervous too.
-[Min-woo slurping]
-[Jun-ho] You think?
So I…
I asked too much of her?
Well, I guess going there
might have overwhelmed her.
And you? Now Mr. Common Sense?
I mean, it's not an act.
Why do you keep picking on me?
[Jun-ho] Yeah.
She did seem really nervous.
There was no gimbap.
She tried to eat all the meat and sashimi
even though she couldn't swallow it.
[cries]
Jun-ho, don't cry.
It's a good thing, huh?
You don't know it yet,
but things would have gotten difficult.
Atty. Woo…
isn't someone you can handle.
Huh?
What's that mean?
She's not someone Jun-ho can handle?
Hey!
What's that mean, huh?
No. I mean, Atty. Woo's birth…
[dramatic music playing]
Atty. Woo's birth?
Huh?
Well, uh, her birth…
It's, um…
Well, Atty. Woo's existence
itself is special.
Ah! I don't know!
Cheers.
Ah, wait. There's a bug in there.
A bug?
[Min-woo] In your glass.
When did you see that?
-Don't drink it.
-[alcohol splashes]
Excuse me, could we get another glass?
[Geu-ra-mi sings in Korean]
♪ In anger, I yelled at you to go away ♪
♪ You've already gone ♪
♪ So far away ♪
♪ We broke up today ♪
♪ If you understand how I feel ♪
♪ We loved each other ♪
♪ But we're over ♪
♪ We're over ♪
♪ Is everything over ♪
♪ Is it? ♪
♪ The many days we promised ♪
♪ I'm always drinking ♪
♪ Drinking ♪
♪ Drinking every day ♪
♪ After losing you ♪
♪ Will I be able to say goodbye to you ♪
♪ To you ♪
♪ You're cluelessly ♪
♪ Crying ♪
♪ But you cannot know ♪
♪ My true feelings behind leaving you ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Please forget me ♪
♪ I'm only a burden to you ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ The memories of overwhelming love ♪
♪ We'll put them behind us ♪
♪ Behind us ♪
[grunts]
[exhales]
[clears throat]
[in English]
You should go sleep.
Yeah?
[blanket rustles]
We need to talk.
Hmm?
Tell me, what's going on?
-What?
-It's just…
you're a different person overnight.
Who is Kwon Min-woo, huh?
A jerk and an asshole.
[Su-yeon] You get on my nerves
every time you open your mouth.
I wanna smack you!
You should be scheming in the dark.
That's Kwon Min-woo.
Am I really that horrible?
You didn't know?
Where's that jerk,
the dark Tactician Kwon Min-woo?
And where the hell did this
nice Kwon Min-woo come from?
I almost called the police
to report an imposter.
"An imposter"?
Ah! Why do you care if I eat a bug?
Or if I can stow my luggage overhead?
Or if I carry all those bottles by myself?
[Su-yeon] Why is Kwon Min-woo
going out of his way to be nice?
Runs every morning
even on a business trip?
And buying flowers
from some little old lady?
[scoffs]
What are you trying to be?
Being cool like that is unnatural!
Why are you like this?
[lips smack]
Because…
we're in Jeju.
Ah! What are you saying?
You're romantic now too?
Hang on, Atty. Choi, do you like me?
What?
No. Are… are you crazy?
Why are you like this?
Listing all those things
about me I don't even know.
Now, be honest with me.
[pensive music playing]
You like me, huh?
I think you do.
[playful music playing]
Why… aren't you saying something now?
Wait.
You… do like me?
[chiming music playing]
[sudden hiccup]
[footsteps]
[sighs]
-I've been rejected.
-What?
Look at the way those two are,
staring at one another.
Uh?
[Geu-ra-mi] All that extra hot and steamy
staring into the eyes
that's going on up there.
Just mind your own business.
Let's get back inside.
[Geu-ra-mi] What do you mean "inside"?
We're going back to karaoke.
Um, but we just returned
from the karaoke bar.
Now, we're going back there?
Hey.
I just got rejected by Min-woo.
Has that ever happened to you?
Calling it a rejection
is a little bit dramatic.
So you like Kwon Min-woo now?
[playful music playing]
I don't know.
Oh, shit.
I'm gonna… go sing songs
about a broken heart now.
Because I was rejected!
[agitated breathing]
I'll come along.
Huh?
[groans]
[Myeong-seok] Thank you, Jun-ho.
Sure.
Uh, what are the others
up to back at the house?
[Jun-ho] Uh, yes, we've decided to go
to Hwangjisa with you
since you were discharged.
So they should be getting ready.
-Really?
-[luggage zips close]
[clacks]
Oh, something else.
Your guest, did… Did she leave already?
My guest? Ah, my ex!
She called this morning to tell me
that she was traveling back
to Seoul today.
Ah, I see.
Last night, I had a vivid dream,
that I was pleading with her,
that I told her it was all my fault,
that I'll change my ways,
so we can get back together.
But when she called me this morning,
I… I couldn't say anything like that.
I just acted cool and said,
"Oh, be safe. See you."
[Myeong-seok chuckles, sighs]
I suppose one needs to have practice
in saying those things sometimes.
[soft chuckle]
Jun-ho, is there anyone that you like?
-Huh?
-If there is someone,
hold onto them.
And if something happens and you let go,
just run back to them
and hold them closer.
[Myeong-seok] Well, I mean,
you don't seem like the type of person
to make the same mistakes that I did.
-[faucet running]
-[soft knocks]
[faucet closes]
-[door closes]
-Mm…
Uh…
Let's not be awkward.
What?
Nothing happened between us.
Nothing happened.
It's all fuzzy. I had a lot to drink.
[scoffs]
Yeah, me too. I don't remember either.
So let's just relax, okay? Like before.
Mm-hmm!
Good.
[exhales]
[sighs]
[eerie music playing]
Me and you?
Or the angel?
Huh?
[playful music playing]
You're on a deserted island.
Dong Geu-ra-mi or angel?
Who are you going to bring with you, huh?
What?
[Min-sik cackles]
Ignore her and carry on.
-Pretty crazy night, right?
-Who would you choose?
[Min-sik cackles]
[gloomy music playing]
[sighs]
[humming]
HWANGJISA TICKET BOOTH
The booth seems to be closed down.
FREE PASSAGE
Congrats on winning the trial.
Yes, thanks, Mr. Hairy.
Uh…
[broomstick rustles]
[birds chirping]
What are you doing here
at Hwangjisa now, may I ask?
Are you here for a free tour
before you all make your way back to Seoul
since you don't have
to pay the admission fee?
Uh, no, we're here--
Uh, here to talk to the Abbot,
if he has the time, that is.
Can he make himself available?
The Abbot is at Daeungjeon.
[bell chiming]
[Myeong-seok] You must be concerned
about the results of the trial.
-I'm sorry.
-[Abbot chuckles]
Were I to worry
about all the little things,
how could I call myself a monk?
[Abbot chuckles]
If that's what the court decided,
so be it. That's the law.
Though we were opponents during the trial,
I've learned a great deal
about the position you're in
through this lawsuit.
[Myeong-seok] The damage
from Local Highway Number 3008
is all on Hwangjisa's land.
The government's
turning a blind eye to this,
and making the law
a barrier for Hwangjisa.
During the trial, you were pushing me
to reveal details of the budget breakdown
and claiming that it's double collection.
So why the sudden change of heart?
[Abbot chuckles]
Since Hwangjisa has given up
a major source of income
from the cultural heritage admission fees,
I think the government should step up now
and lay the foundations
for Hwangjisa's self-management.
[Myeong-seok] Why don't we bring
together relevant organizations,
like the local governments,
the Korea National Park Service,
the Korean Rural Community Corporation,
and the Cultural Heritage Administration?
We'll discuss and sign an MOU,
creating a foundation for Hwangjisa.
[deep inhale]
You know, I've been thinking
the same sort of thing.
[Abbot] This issue is something Hwangjisa
needs to handle with the government,
not the people.
But it's not an easy task to handle,
dealing with the government.
[lips smack]
Yes.
Communicating with the government
is always very difficult.
What if this time…
you negotiate
with the Cultural Administration?
The administration?
The Hyeseok Order is a huge
Buddha sect in Korea,
with many Buddhist temples.
And Hwangjisa is the most famous
of all the temples in the Hyeseok Order.
I believe it's entirely possible.
[victorious music playing]
I shouldn't decide this on my own.
I will have to talk about all these
with my brothers in the Hyeseok Order.
[deep inhale]
But why…
Why are you telling me all of this?
I believe that you're gonna need some help
from the experts in those
relevant cultural organizations,
so that you get
the most advantageous deal.
There is a government relations team
at Hanbada.
It goes beyond the scope of legal services
provided by other law firms.
It's a bridge
between government and individual groups.
Hanbada tells the government
the groups' needs and they talk
to the administration,
so that those needs are then met.
So far, we've been representing
mostly companies.
But I'm optimistic
about creating a foundation
for Hwangjisa as well.
[victorious music playing]
I understand what you're telling me
and I will be in touch.
[dings]
Yes, sir.
[bell ringing]
Well, it's already time for dinner.
You haven't eaten yet, have you?
If temple food
is okay with you, come join us.
Uh, um… Thank you!
[Abbot] How are you feeling?
Your face looks thinner than before
you collapsed in the courtroom.
Your concern means a lot to me.
I admit, I'm not feeling that well.
Pray to the Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva.
Huh?
Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva
is an almighty being
with a thousand eyes
to know all the suffering of all people.
[Abbot] And what's more,
a thousand hands in order to relieve
all the pain and suffering
of all living creatures.
And so if you desperately call upon
the name of and devote yourself to
the Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva,
it will ease all your suffering.
Uh…
So how do I pray?
Namu Gwanseeumbosal.
That is the prayer
to devote yourself to the Avalokiteśvara.
[giggles]
[tranquil music playing]
Today is the first time
that I thought you were amazing.
The… the first?
Yes! I didn't imagine that you'd make
such an offer to the Abbot.
It's worth you working
so hard over the years
to the point of you
getting stomach cancer.
Really?
[deep inhale]
So all this time was really worth it, huh?
Yes, I think that it was.
[tranquil music playing]
Okay.
Mm.
[giggles]
[Abbot chuckles]
Monks love noodles.
If someone asks a monk,
"Do you want some porridge?"
No one answers.
However, if someone were to ask
a monk, "Want some noodles?"
Every single monk will respond yes.
[giggles]
It seems to be very delicious indeed.
-Please enjoy it.
-Thank you.
Enjoy.
[Myeong-seok] Enjoy.
[pleasant music playing]
[Su-yeon slurps]
[crunches]
[slurps]
Hmm, what?
The three steps of tastiness?
-Ah, step one!
-Sour.
-Step two?
-Sweet.
-And step three?
-Spicy.
-Yeah!
-[giggling]
We have some head cooks
on site who are professionals
who also practice here.
[Abbot] Hwangjisa's head cook
is especially good at making noodles.
I've heard it's hard
to control the boiling time
when you're making
a large quantity of noodles.
But our head cook can tell
the exact boiling time instantly,
just by looking at the noodles' color.
I guess that's what makes
the noodles here so chewy.
There was a shop I visited
that made really great meat noodles
called Haengbok Noodles,
and these noodles
tasted like the ones that I had there.
The way he used thicker noodles
instead of thin ones.
And how the mushroom toppings
look like big pieces of boiled pork.
[wind blows]
[squeals]
[loud splash]
Oh, why didn't I think of this sooner?
Hwangjisa is on Hanbaek Mountain,
and there's a mineral spring
in the temple.
You're right.
"A place where the…"
"Mountains and waters are nice."
I wanna check and see
if the head cook of Hwangjisa
is the owner of Haengbok Noodles!
[suspenseful music playing]
[footsteps]
I…
[water splashing]
Are you the head cook of Hwangjisa?
[suspenseful music playing]
Yeah?
Uh…
[clears throat]
Yes.
Were you also
the owner of Haengbok Noodles?
How did you know about that?
[victorious music playing]
You know, you're a hard man to find.
You were looking for me? Why?
To find you and ask for a small favor
of making meat noodles
for an attorney who might soon die
of stage three stomach cancer.
[gentle music playing]
Uh…
I said nothing unnecessary,
but you did it anyway.
[Byeong-su] If you've really been
looking for me, you should know.
Haengbok Noodles is out of business.
And it's not proper
to make you meat noodles in a temple.
Then open the Haengbok Noodles Shop again.
We are attorneys. So we can help you.
[Geu-ra-mi] Oh, really?
How's an attorney help open a restaurant?
[gasps]
If it's true that Haengun Noodles
named themselves
after Haengbok Noodles,
an attorney can help you.
And also the way they poached
your man at Haengbok
and hired him at Haengun,
leaking the special Haengbok recipe.
[Su-yeon] If this is true, we can help.
Is everything true?
Yes. It is, I'm afraid.
But even so, what can be done?
Have you heard of
the Unfair Competition Prevention
and Trade Secret Protection Act?
Huh?
Copying the brand name
of a famous restaurant
is called an act of unfair competition.
Example, changing
the restaurant name to Haengun Noodles
right as Haengbok Noodles became famous.
[Young-woo] These sorts
of practices confuse consumers,
so the law prohibits it.
And that law is called
the Unfair Competition Prevention
and Trade Secret Protection Act.
Wait a second.
I remember.
The owner of Haengun Noodles asked me
if the name of my shop
had been trademarked.
He said I couldn't stop him
if I hadn't registered it.
Even without a registered trademark yet,
this can be dealt with by making it
an issue of unfair competition.
[Young-woo] What if we send
Haengun Noodles
a cease and desist as attorneys
and request they stop using the name?
But in this case, we could file a suit.
You'll be compensated for all the damage
caused by the unfair competition
of Haengun Noodles through a trial.
[Young-woo] If you open your shop again
with the name Haengbok Noodles,
you should register
the trademark right away.
The IP team at Hanbada can help you
with all of these details as well.
[Su-yeon] From now on,
you can even keep your staff
from leaking
the Haengbok noodles special recipe.
That way, you can keep
the recipe as a trade secret.
Um, "trade secret"?
Yes, the reason we don't know
the recipe for Coca-Cola
is because the Coca-Cola company
has protected it as a trade secret.
[Min-woo] You can do the same
for your meat noodles recipe.
It's a little tricky. You need
some sworn statements on file.
But the experts at Hanbada
can also help you with this.
-Whoa.
[Byeong-su] I mean…
I didn't know that any
of this was even possible.
I didn't think that the law
was able to save me.
I thought all I could do
was calm my heart.
[sighs]
It hurts so much to think
that I couldn't protect or…
continue on with…
the family noodle recipe that…
[exhales]
…my mother taught me.
Thank you so much.
My humble thanks. Truly.
[Byeong-su] Thank you.
-[clicks]
-[roars]
[boils]
[sloshes]
[bright music playing]
[Byeong-su] Enjoy.
The noodles are served.
[Myeong-seok] I appreciate you
opening up the shop for us.
This brings back so many memories.
Well, you're going back soon.
The least I could do before you all go…
[chuckles]
…is make you noodles.
[Byeong-su] Although I'll see you soon
when I commission the case.
[Myeong-seok] Yes, take your time
to think about it and then contact us.
[foil crinkles]
[Byeong-su] Are you sure you
don't want some meat noodles?
I made this, so you could
at least give the broth a try.
No, thank you. I'm okay. Thanks.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
Well, now, shall we try it?
-Thank you so much.
-Yeah!
[Geu-ra-mi] Thank you.
The rich greasiness of the broth is the…
the best part, yeah.
[chuckling]
[slurps]
[satisfied exhale]
[gulps, exhales]
[laughs]
It's amazing.
Thank you. Enjoy it.
[Geu-ra-mi] Thank you.
[pleasant music playing]
[Myeong-seok chuckles]
[moans]
[noodles squish]
[slurps]
Sit over here, Jun-ho.
[Su-yeon] I'll tell the flight attendant.
Uh, okay.
Mm.
[clanks]
I heard you guys broke it off.
It'd be awkward if he sat here.
[gloomy music playing]
[seatbelt clicks]
[whistles]
["The Blue Night of Jeju Island"
by Park Eun Bin playing]
Is it me or the angel?
[deep exhale]
[reporter] The confirmation hearing
for Ministry of Justice
candidate, Tae Su-mi,
is only a month away.
Today, Candidate Tae went to the office
of the confirmation
hearing preparation team
at the Seoul High Prosecutors' Office
to begin the preparations.
This confirmation hearing
will see the two political parties
fiercely at odds as they discuss
Candidate Tae's
many personal controversies,
such as the hereditary succession
of the CEO position
at her law firm, going abroad
to give birth to her son,
and her close ties
with the Gangcheon Group
where her husband is the chairman.
Since everyone will be watching
this confirmation hearings live broadcast,
I will be thoroughly prepared.
And I will answer honestly
to the best of my ability.
CONTROVERSIES AROUND SUCCESSION,
BIRTH TOURISM, AND TIES TO GANGCHEON
What can you say about your response plan?
Can you give us a comment on your
choice of going abroad to give birth?
Come in.
Ma'am, Reporter Lee Jun-beom has arrived.
Tell him to come in.
-[Seon-young] Ah, you're here.
-[chuckles]
Well, ma'am. I haven't heard
from you in a while.
How have you been?
Good. How have you been?
Did you find Tae Su-mi's daughter?
Huh?
I heard that you were putting
a lot of time into research
to find Tae Su-mi's daughter
born out of wedlock, right?
Yeah.
Considering what I know,
there was one person
I suspected was her daughter.
Who's that?
I'm not sure if you know her.
[sharp inhale]
Atty. Woo Young-woo.
She works here at Hanbada.
It's just a hunch. There's no real proof.
So I haven't published anything.
She is.
What?
Atty. Woo is Tae Su-mi's daughter.
You were right.
So you've…
You've been aware this entire time?
What about Tae Su-mi? Does she know this?
[pen clicks]
I'll tell you everything you want to know
eventually all in due time.
But only on one condition.
What's that?
Publish your article…
right before Tae Su-mi's
confirmation hearing,
so she can't refute it right away.
Sure.
I'll have to clear with the editor,
but that should be fine.
[exhales]
Since I'm already here,
can I meet with Atty. Woo Young-woo?
Let's just keep this between us for now.
Hold off on asking Atty. Woo
questions for a little while.
At least until the article is out.
All right.
[suspenseful music playing]
[mellow music playing]
Fining us $300 million just because
we couldn't protect some personal data?
How is that not too much?
The KCC accidentally put
a few extra zeros on that amount.
The Korea Communications Commission
didn't just add a few zeros to the fine.
She is so damn arrogant.
Our users are gonna file
a class-action claim.
Do it for your colleague's sake.
[Su-yeon] Can't you be a brave fool?
-According to the judgment of the--
-Stop! Just stop!
[Seung-jun] If you know so much,
do it by yourself!
As of this moment,
you are no longer a part of this case.